Perform Crash delegate callbacks using performSelectorOnMainThread (#1901)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

* **[Fix]** The SDK was considering 201-299 status code as HTTP errors and is now fixed to accept all 2XX codes as successful.
* **[Improvement]** Replaced sqlite query concatenation with more secure bindings.

### App Center Crashes

> * **[Fix]** Fix an issue when Crashes delegate callbacks can be blocked by a macOS modal window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix an issue to call Crashes delegate callbacks even though a modal window is being shown on macOS apps.
```

* **[Fix]** Fix sending crashes if an application is launched in background.
* **[Fix]** Validate error attachment size to avoid server error or out of memory issues (using the documented limit which is 7MB).
* **[Fix]** Fix an issue where crash might contain incorrect data if two consecutive crashes occurred in a previous version of the application.

> * **[Fix]** Fix an issue when Crash Delegate callback can be blocked by a macOS modal window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix an issue when Crashes delegate callbacks can be blocked by a macOS modal window.
```

* **[Fix]** Fix sending crashes if an application is launched in background.
* **[Fix]** Validate error attachment size to avoid server error or out of memory issues (using the documented limit which is 7MB).
* **[Fix]** Fix an issue where crash might contain incorrect data if two consecutive crashes occurred in a previous version of the application.

> * **[Fix]** Fix an issue when Crashes delegate callbacks can be blocked by a macOS modal window.

Reviewer 3: It will be merged after release, please move it to next version
